Create Blazor Server security node (#18028)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/blazor/server/additional-scenarios.md

By [Javier Calvarro Nelson](https://github.com/javiercn)

## Pass tokens to a Blazor Server app

Tokens available outside of the Razor components in a Blazor Server app can be passed to components with the approach described in this section. For sample code, including a complete `Startup.ConfigureServices` example, see the [Passing tokens to a server-side Blazor application](https://github.com/javiercn/blazor-server-aad-sample).

Authenticate the Blazor Server app as you would with a regular Razor Pages or MVC app. Provision and save the tokens to the authentication cookie. For example:

```csharp
using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.OpenIdConnect;

...

services.Configure<OpenIdConnectOptions>(AzureADDefaults.OpenIdScheme, options =>
{
    options.ResponseType = "code";
    options.SaveTokens = true;

    options.Scope.Add("offline_access");
    options.Scope.Add("{SCOPE}");
    options.Resource = "{RESOURCE}";
});
```

Define a class to pass in the initial app state with the access and refresh tokens:

```csharp
public class InitialApplicationState
{
    public string AccessToken { get; set; }
    public string RefreshToken { get; set; }
}
```

> Define a **scoped** token provider service that can be used within the Blazor app to resolve the tokens from DI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define a **scoped** token provider service that can be used within the Blazor app to resolve the tokens from dependency injection:
```
